Pronoy/widget refresh (#11801)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile/_index.md

**Note**: If you do not specify a dashboard that opens by default, tapping an SLOs widget opens the Datadog app.

#### Create an SLOs widget

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

- Long press on your home screen.
- Tap the “+” button on the top left corner of the screen.
- Search for "Datadog" widgets.
- Select your prefered size (small shows one SLO and medium shows one SLO along with a visualized timeframe of its health).
- Drag the widget to your desired, on-screen location.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

- Long press on your home screen.
- Tap the "Widgets" button on your home screen editor. If you have app shortcuts, it might appear as just an icon on the top right corner of the bubble.
- Drag the widget to your desired, on-screen home screen.

> - Resize the widget to fit your preference; it will always shows one SLO. If you size the widget to take up the width of your mobile home screen, it will display the selected SLO along with a visualized timeframe of its health.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resize the widget to fit your preference. It always shows one SLO. If you size the widget to take up the width of your mobile home screen, it displays the selected SLO along with a visualized timeframe of its health.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Edit an SLOs widget

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

- Long press on the widget to configure.

> - Tap on "Edit Widget".
> - Tap on the "Choose" button next to the "SLO" label to choose an SLO to track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Edit Widget."
- Tap "Choose" next to the SLO label to choose an SLO to track.
```

> - Depending on the SLO chosen, a "Timeframe" label may appear; tap on the "Choose" button next to the "Timeframe" label to choose the SLO timeframe. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Depending on the SLO chosen, a Timeframe label may appear. Tap "Choose" next to the Timeframe label to choose the SLO timeframe. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Depending on the SLO chosen, a Timeframe label may appear. Tap "Choose" next to the Timeframe label to choose the SLO timeframe. 
```
I want to make clear to the reader that "Timeframe" is the name of the label. I am open to suggestions if there are other ways to make this clear without quotation marks.

> - Tap on the "Choose" button next to the "Dashboard to open" label to choose a dashboard that opens when the SLOs widget is tapped. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Choose" next to the Dashboard to open label to choose a dashboard that opens when the SLOs widget is tapped. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Tap "Choose" next to the "Dashboard to open" label to choose a dashboard that opens when the SLOs widget is tapped. 
```

I want to make clear to the reader that "Dashboard to open" is the name of the label. I am open to suggestions if there are other ways to make this clear without quotation marks.

- Tap out of the widget to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

> - Tap on the widget title to configure.
> - Tap on the "Selected SLO" section to choose an SLO to track.
> - Tap on the "Selected Time Window" section to choose the SLO timeframe.
> - Tap on the "Dashboard to open" section to choose a dashboard that opens when the SLOs widget is tapped
> - Tap the "Save" or "Apply" button to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap the widget title to configure.
- Tap "Selected SLO" to choose an SLO to track.
- Tap "Selected Time Window" to choose the SLO timeframe.
- Tap "Dashboard to open" to choose a dashboard that opens when the SLOs widget is tapped.
- Tap "Save" or "Apply" to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.
```
Does it really say "Selected Time Window"? or should it be "Selected Time Frame"?

- Long press and resize the widget to fit your preference.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Display SLOs from multiple organizations

You can display SLOs from multiple organizations on your mobile home screen. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

> All organizations you’ve logged-in are displayed in the configuration screen. If you do not see your organization, you may need to sign in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All organizations you’ve logged into are displayed in the configuration screen. If you do not see your organization, sign into it again.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

> - Tap on the widget title to configure.
> - From the configuration screen, tap on "Organization".
> - Select a new organization (you might need to sign in).
> - Edit the widget to fit your preference.
> - Tap the "Save" or "Apply" button. The widget is now configured with an SLO from a different organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap the widget title to configure.
- From the configuration screen, tap "Organization".
- Select a new organization (You might need to sign in).
- Size the widget to fit your preference.
- Tap "Save" or "Apply". 
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Delete an SLOs widget

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

> Delete a widget pressing the "-" button at the top left of the widget when editing your home screen, or by long pressing on the widget and then selecting "Remove Widget".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a widget by tapping the "-" button at the top left of the widget when editing your home screen, or by long pressing on the widget and selecting "Remove Widget".
```

- Tap the “+” button on the top left corner of the screen.
- Search for "Datadog" widgets.
- Select your prefered size (small shows two monitor saved views, medium allows up to three monitor saved views, and large up to six monitor saved views).
- Drag the widget to your desired, on-screen location.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

- Long press on your home screen.

> - Tap the "Widgets" button on your home screen editor. If you have app shortcuts, it might appear as just an icon on the top right corner of the bubble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Widgets" on your home screen editor. If you have app shortcuts, it might appear as just an icon on the top right corner of the bubble.
```

- Reorder the views by dragging and dropping each cell.
- Tap out of the widget to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

- Tap on the widget title to configure.
- Tap on "Saved Views".
- Tap on the individual saved view cell to select and deselect.
- Reorder the views by dragging and dropping each cell.

> - Tap the "Save" or "Apply" button to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Save" or "Apply" to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.
```

- Scroll inside the widget to see more saved views. Long press and resize the widget to fit your preference.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Display Monitors from multiple organizations

You can display Monitors from multiple organizations within the same widget. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

All organizations you’ve logged-in are displayed in the configuration screen. If you do not see your organization, you may need to sign in again.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

> - Tap on the widget title to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap the widget title to configure.
```

> - From the configuration screen, tap on "Organization".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the configuration screen, tap "Organization".
```

- Select a new organization (you might need to sign in).
- Edit the widget to fit your preference.

> - Tap the "Save" or "Apply" button. The widget is now configured with saved views from a different organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Save" or "Apply". 
```
